everybody welcome back northernlion
can't be stopped
binding of issac an through the +5 wins
in a row that's probably the largest
streak that's ever been recorded in this
video game and we're about to extend it
look at that seven rate of fire four
point one three damage e to seven yeh DV
more like at the bottom there it's easy
which is how in Canada we say easy
because we don't say C we say said just
like that faith no more song it's easy
I'd like a Sunday Mon and I and I dare
not the Smerch the good name of Mike
Patton by trying to hit those high notes
because lord knows his four and a half
octave range has got me beaten by a
little bit this is an upper quartered a
bunch this is maybe like by sixth or
seventh Isaac episode today I'm not
ashamed of that that's a good day as far
as I'm concerned this is the best of all
starts I think it's up there at the very
least I mean okay we can use poop here
to get us out of this look at that
farted them away a little bit bought
ourselves some time Smart Play but only
able to be smart because of the
incredible stats that we're starting
with you're great damage great rate of
fire eggheads a good item gives us a
spirit heart as well as you may have
noticed up there at the top sometimes I
forget about that but it's uh it's worth
mentioning egghead is like infamy the
better because it dodges some of the
other damage or some of the conceivable
damage sources that infamy can't protect
you against like beams and explosions
maybe not beams I don't know because I
still don't have any idea how beam
damage is calculated but this is like a
very very very good start
I believe wishbone I mean you know what
I strive to learn something and and
added every available opportunity
because I'm unashamed of the fact that
you know life is never about thinking
you've got everything figured out it's
always about growing in whatever way you
can grow or using your laziness in a way
that is productive you know like hey
sometimes you don't want to learn
sometimes you just want to sit on the
couch and play Mario Kart 8 the
everything in moderation including
moderation right take our HP here so
what the whole preface that was their
premise of that I should say is that I'm
going to go look up what the wishbone
does I believe it gives you a payout
after you get hits a certain number of
times so to ship own Isaac taking damage
has a small chance to destroy the
trinket and spawn a random item pool
using the item pool of the current room
now that's interesting I was unfamiliar
with the specifics so the reason that
that gets my gears turning is because
hold on here your boys got a genius plan
first off the d1 is better than the poop
to begin with but your boy has a genius
plan drop this pick this up create
multiple wishbones he's a god there's a
God in our midst
what's the point of creating multiple
wishbones well hell I don't really know
except that now I could use these
multiple wishbones if I get hit enough
to create multiple items even though
it's only I don't know what what chance
of small chances but if we could get
like an IV bag or something like that
this could be sweet man I didn't even
think would work I thought it would just
create a random trinket which also could
have been fine but I almost feel like
I've got to follow this down the rabbit
hole of absurdity so we really want that
card to be temperance if that card is
temperance then everything we've ever
wanted can come true on this floor it's
like the inverse
I'd be honest we don't need anymore
anymore wishbones if we were able to get
three to payout that would be like a
dream come true and one of these is
going to be a library because we have
another room that's a key base room
that's probably our shop let's take them
both who cares means that this is
probably our library over here I'm
trying to think like what can we get out
desperately seeking that temperance card
man you can't get anything to the best
of my knowledge out of the library
especially now that actually gives us
wellnot book of sin could have given us
a temperance card that's one way that we
could have made that happen
because what I need to do is find a
productive way to take damage and
preferably do so in an item room so like
an IV bag would do it the razor blade
would do it so maybe there's still an
off chance we could get that from our
deal with the devil and then we want to
at least get one wishbone to pay out and
take one with us even if we're leaving
one on the ground that's fine because we
get infinitely oh never mind I should
not be afraid at all we have no reason
to be afraid we can still infinitely
create wishbones for the rest of the
game yeah we're a god we can create
unlimited items I think and this is
going to be this is like some you know
dr. heckle and doesn't mr. jives sort of
situations going on here to quote the
men at work oh I should have dodged on
that one but we are a mad scientist of
trinket related proportions here all the
pieces have fit together right now
don't fire again don't fire again let's
go take it way too much damage on this
fight but we got enough HP to persevere
yes we Z's good and we should take that
I mean there's nothing wrong with i abou
Lyle here piercing shots in general very
good this might be the best piercing
shot as well
it incurs no like downgrades it's like
exclusively good stuff okay
keep this basically we have to decide
and I think let's try to get wishbone to
work dude I'm willing to give it a shot
in the name of science
okay so there's continuum grab another
wishbone what's the story wishbone
we should have rewrote the poop as well
that would have been exactly like the
same value as this but this is more
exciting you got to admit okay that's
enough
we take continuum I think we should feel
pretty good about it oh you know what
though there's another lovers card back
here great for our range you got to
admit I know you're saying this guy's
going to die you may well be correct but
I had to try can you blame me can you
really blame me for the attempt there I
don't think you can we had a chance to
make wishbone pop we still have that
chance as well we just need to I mean we
sacrifice a lot of spirit arts to get
continuum and I would argue that that's
probably not worth it but we still have
the chance because we have might as well
shoot them dude we have arcades in the
future I think the world's our oyster
wishbone combined with the d1 is a
combination that realistically we may
never see again or it might be quite
some time so I think we should be stoked
at the fact that we are coming up with
like a creative possibility here now
mind you we could get killed on the next
floor you know walk on some spikes get
hit by some enemies you're dead but
assuming we don't die well you know a
better way to phrase this what I was
going to phrase is you can't make an
omelet without breaking a few eggs which
is not necessarily true because you can
buy you know like egg whites
in a container already like pre-pre
broken for you and you might say well
that means you know somebody broke the
eggs you're not wrong but the expression
isn't you can't make an omelet without a
few bad eggs being broken it's you can't
make an omelet without breaking a few
anyway disregard I'm getting the point
is not to be pedantic here the point is
you got to take risks to get rewards
sometimes often times so I don't feel
bad about this at all
now maybe we should be doubling which
bone but I'm really thinking that the
opportune or the most opportune wishbone
moment for doubling is an arcade
especially if we can get all the dude if
we can get like something that gives us
red hearts more frequently I'm trying to
think what that would be maybe gimpy is
a good option here cuz it can't be a
trinket because it would replace
wishbone unless we had mom's purse or
you know belly button and now you're
seeing why I'm avoiding going down the
rabbit hole too much yet but that will
listen pick them both up we're ready to
move on from that and then like nun's
habit we could get like unlimited
wishbones and then the wishbones payout
assuming they will pay out on occasional
blood bank plays like I really I see the
world unfolding now there's a few
different ways in Isaac to get unlimited
items over the course of a single run
like restock double Steam sale is one of
the most common I'd say or one of the
easiest to conceive of at the very least
extra deal with the devil chance at
least but this might be a sort of novel
and unique one and ensure it's going to
it seems like it's going to be a little
bit more finicky than then restocked
double Steam sale but it also doesn't
require you know restock and double
Steam sale to exist so there's a pretty
big advantage on that front
I mean you could double battery charges
endlessly here and make a bunch of
wishbones but that is fairly unlikely to
be relevant I'd rather just pop that and
see if we get value which we did not I'm
going to do the big room here and it
scares me because we get hit by two
champions or one particular champion we
could die and we could above all else
maybe just compromise our deal with the
devil chance which would be of course
very suboptimal but I want to get one
more penny we had four cents when we
came down to this floor we got four
cents now what's wrong with this picture
one cent short of being able to make the
the dream work on our arcade on the next
floor and we're one cent short of being
able to make an arcade on the next floor
so you know I don't want to rely on a
temperance card that's low percentage I
want to rely on human ingenuity which is
what we're doing right now and it's
worked out okay thus far I mean we got
continuum out of it not a bad item but
trying to get a little bit more
bombastic with it nothing do that's what
have a negative luck will do for you we
should have blown up our donation
machine with our one bomb sad but true
okay well fight the boss hope that it's
not a nasty boss but honestly damage and
tears are in a pretty good spot
that's a nasty boss dude
good job so far good job so far how do
you make this work no when the when the
Saints are coming marching in buddy if
you can be standing nicely it doesn't
matter forget to deal with the devil you
live that's him you still got the deal
my god the absolute madman I never would
have expected that not the best deal in
my life but still can't double up on
keys dudes come on one penny one penny
you got me you got me they've done it
this is our dream please God give me an
arcade on the next floor I'm telling you
we can actually make it work here let's
go to our curse room first there another
red hard as another red hard chill in
here I'm not worried about boss rush I'm
worried about making this wishbone d1
combo work and I believe the power is
within us I'm young in a while that I
want to be free I've got the magic power
the music in me let's do this black
candle great item gives us some deal
with the devil protection and go back
and pick up this red heart plus I mean
immunity to curses and we don't who
cares about that red heart we'll figure
it out on the next floor that's our
secret room in all likelihood okay
five cents great time to get a blood
bank well it's not like I like you or
anything and we can use double keys here
and we will use that it's you know it's
going to suck up charges that we would
want to use for our wishbone but if
every four rooms were getting 10 cents I
mean that could buy us a lot of battery
charges as well so I don't think we're
missing out too heavily here no consumer
will drop and it's an extremely fast
boss fight here which we really to be
honest with you have crushed here
largely as a result of SAC dagger but
like man that was it's a record time
no deal with the devil but an HP upgrade
very valuable in case we end up coming
across a blood bank just gives us that
much more tolerance we'll continue to
create new dimes could conceivably leave
this floor with 60 or 70 cents I think
more money than you typically need over
the course of an entire run
but this floor is not about getting 60
or 70 cents this floor is about sending
a message
no it's about not being Heath Ledger's
Joker but rather being a different Heath
Ledger character like maybe Heath Ledger
in Brokeback Mountain be maybe being a
grown man exploring some unfamiliar
feelings for the first time like for
example what does it feel like to make
v1 wishbone give you unlimited items we
actually know that think about it we
have to be more careful than I expected
because if we lose wishbone like if it
just pops we never get a chance to
double it so you know what would be
sensible is to drop the wishbone and
then double it up just so we have one
just so we got one
[Music]
that turned out amazingly we egghead
caused us to not get hit when we left
that curse room which is incredible and
then I squandered in mere seconds later
but that's all right the wishbone
doubling even if it doesn't work out on
this floor it's just a nice like
precautionary measure
there's our shop we can see it might be
a good floor to fight greed honestly
just so we have more opportunity to get
money grab the stopwatch which is good
it's also a speed upgrade which I had no
idea about
we should buy humbling bundles
it won't double bombs or sorry won't
double dime this is what I meant to say
it will double bombs we should like
leave all consumables on the ground once
we get to that point at least all
consumables that well our money for the
lack of a better term here we're still
holding out hope boss rush say goodbye I
don't care however what does matter is a
blood bank although we've got limited
chance to double-wishbone more times I
suppose we at least have one spare one
stored up here of course you've still
got our item room as well
I haven't even been paying attention how
does this run look I'm so I'm singularly
like dr. Frankenstein in on this dream
of making this stupid combination work
but I know in my heart it can be done I
don't this is film director who are the
hearts ugh I'll do that's a nice damage
increase don't get me wrong
three spirit hearts instead of two let's
just go see if we got the dream here if
we do we do if we don't we don't life's
going to go on either way yeah
exactly all right so what comes next we
pick up all the money I maybe we could
double it maybe get some 99 cents I
don't care
46 cents is enough for the rest of the
run I'm not worried about our donation
machine I'm not worried about anything
with respect to that just making this
floor pop is fine and yeah I said we
shouldn't pick up anything until the
until we pick up humbling bundle it
doesn't matter we're we're going to have
enough money regardless because of this
don't lose sight of the fact the goal is
not to get as much money as possible the
goal is to get enough money to do
whatever you want to do chaos there we
go now we're getting into some
interesting stuff I use that pill I hit
the Q key lockdown he tried to save me
and I didn't let it Empress at the car
the counter just blow it up see what you
get PhD I don't really care what do we
get here Pandora's box on the caves - I
guess well it will get 15 cents right
cos there's a penny back here oh we
don't have any bombs which to access the
penny so now nevermind we're good unless
wait a minute
let me try I thought maybe you would
overfill an area and then give us it
would put it in an area we didn't have
to use a bomb to get to but anyway I
digress
the dream remains although it's is
taking a sweet time getting there we're
still in a wonderful spot right now and
we got lots of lots of future potential
but admittedly are we go to I might be
losing like actually losing my mind from
an Isaac related sense here just from
playing a lot today it looked to me like
we went from 17 to 25 cents in a single
pickup but that might be like a ghost
memory or something like that I almost
had that one I believe
nice double puberty pill dude nothing
wrong with that we could have actually
with a little bit more foresight created
an HP upgrade out of nothing at all
there but it's we'll just rely on
another one showing up in the future
all right careful with the damage taken
because we're still waiting I know we
haven't seen wishbone pay out twice yet
you know it's kind of seems like we
broke wishbone with our actions but I
don't believe that's the case
we got to create our our copy wishbone
just in case things go terribly wrong
the gods just pop it nothing wrong with
that
dice shard great the hold for re-roll
potential I'm telling you enough HP plus
blood bank plus wishbone plus d1 as all
we need
I'm not saying unlimited items we've got
chaos to go along with it that's like a
sink I personally guarantee guppy I'll
call it right now if elected I
personally guarantee duck but we need to
get a blood bank and we need to work
together to do that I don't know what
I'm talking about anymore it's a fun run
regardless and getting continuum for
free is an aberration that we should be
happy with but technically we could
double the dice shard right now and if
we're not doing anything else with it
seems like a fairly appropriate use of
our resources to be honest with you
nothing wrong with the second dice shard
especially when we got more than enough
pretty much every other resource for now
it's one of those rare situations in
which I'm very happy we weren't doing
more damage because I definitely would
have exploded that bomb in my face you
know what leave it leave it for now
because you could double dice shard
again and maybe get one extra reroll on
this floor
or one for the next floor for that
matter if you end up needing it shop
should be up here feels like a secret
room like that's a common secret room
location but not this time
Jerez also grab we could yera the dice
chard oh that was just terrible damage
on my part for now let's create a double
D era room you can use the d1 on Europe
it makes sense
you can't yell Yara I'm a little
surprised you can't be one a year as oh
that's less abusable I think and even if
it is abusable there's so many ways to
get unlimited consumables like who cares
dude but by the spirit heart be smart
grab this flow this guy up thank you for
the money we're not gonna
it really comes down to do we prefer to
have dice charta to be preferred a viera
I think I prefer to have Viera it's more
comfortable it's like a snug hoodie or
something like that you know we're not
trying to impress anybody with
magnanimous plays I'll take a look
upgrade back up over zero now and the
arrow rune allows us to get that sword
value later for doubling and I don't
know maybe there will come a time when
we want to use it to double the wishbone
maybe we've almost popped wishbone
potentially I don't know there's no way
for us to know that but and we want to
double it but we don't have a charge or
something that could come in handy but
probably we'll just save it for the
chest and you know probably that's
completely fine okay this is very very
good goat heads awesome and so is Tami's
head but we're not going to take it
because we need to be one to make the
dream work here left some money behind
which was very silly but we're heading
down to the next floor I should have
taken the compass so I would have known
if we had an arcade but we already have
an arcade so here's how you do this I
this is what I've been waiting for it's
time for this moment to shine through so
you drop everything
pick up Yara double-wishbone grab
wishbone come in here now give me IV bag
hopefully IV bag can pop wishbone
hopefully the blood bank and pop
wishbone because if not we're going to
be here for quite some time dude egghead
has given us so many free plays thanks
for your help okay we got IV bag that's
what we asked for it we do still want
the d1 for more doublings but this is
fine for now we got in theory we have
the tools that's also a puberty pickup
right there and it really is just in
theory because I don't know if itself if
productive damage can actually give you
the wishbone pop because how did we get
the wishbone to pop before it was on
also walking into fires we haven't added
pop since it's almost like there's a
flag in the game like has wishbone paid
out true-false
and we've flipped it to true and it is
not paid out cents
there's our HP to the adult
transformation just looking to get as
many wishbones as possible
it really can only work on this floor
because we can't take the d1 and the IV
bag down with us so like if this plan is
actually going to work we got to do it
right now
so we're going to oh wait we need to do
one charge first so you grab the d1 come
back here what's the story wishbone
crank on that wouldn't be the worst
thing in the world if we got like
battery charges there as well and then
just go about your business on this
floor for a second oh we didn't get hurt
thanks to IV bag so instead we got hurt
when we walk into the room guess it
could be worse but okay still you got to
admit it's looking unlikely that this
plan is going to be as excellent as I
hoped it would but there is a chance
that it all works out and if it does
we're going to be laughing not
necessarily because it's going to make
the run that good but because it's going
to be just ridiculous what a roundabout
way to create like a few extra items
right I'm starting to feel more like the
mad portion of mad scientist's right now
in all likelihood we probably are not
going to need this many wishbones back
here just give me some red hearts
student got point zero six lock don't
patronize me I know we got red hearts
coming that's slightly above zero luck
full help we've already seen full health
so I don't think that could have been in
unless it was bad trip but then it would
have taken a spirit heart anyway so
alright no no this is like the run is
good it's slow but it's slow by my own
doing and that's fine I would say now
don't worry about doubling wishbone
if anything for creating new wishbones
if anything worried about creating more
red hearts which actually I mean free
it's not impossible that we die we got a
lot of HP but like none of it is filled
right now so temperance has value vocal
bombs does nothing you can't get over to
that tinted rocks sadly I don't know
dude I'm feeling bitter like my dream
has come apart here in my hands ooh what
about a second secret room that's chock
full of red hearts or a single black
heart for that matter which we probably
should have doubled just wanted to see I
mean I was looking for a secret room
there but that could have also been a
card so I worked oh I didn't work I
hoped so hard that we would make this
very strange permutation come to
fruition here and it it did but it
didn't do so in a way that I was hoping
so your old red hearts man it's like the
most common consumable by a factor of
10,000 and they just didn't show up at
all on this floor we got three wishbones
just sitting there with their thumbs up
their butts waiting for waiting for
something
not a bad bomb necessarily but not a
good one either not expecting huge
payouts here but dude that's a good
start
come on just full help that's all I ask
we do too pretty fly also great
especially because our HP is like
somewhat in question more keys not
useless probably there we go full red
hearts I'm saving my charges for now we
should I mean we really have to give
this the old college try so you know
what we're actually going to do because
I am the world's dumbest genius is we're
going to come back here we're going to
posit the era room because we're going
to use it to double our temperance card
so we better not make ourselves
backtrack too often I will fully admit
there's almost no chance that this ends
up giving me what I want it to give me
which is unlimited power although it
will be pretty swell so with this pill
for friends till the end could be better
let's donate a little bit cuz that we
might be able to crank up our luck stat
which would be useful for the gambling
purposes here we might need some clutch
blood bags or something just to keep the
game going but in case you're like
completely in the dark about what I'm
trying to do here that's fair because
it's a stupid idea what I am trying to
do is use IV bag and temperance cards to
give me enough damage to use these
wishbones to pop to give me a random
item to help me steamroll the game but
mostly it's just like a pride thing at
this point that I've come up with this
bizarre science experiment so it's going
to Yara the the wishbones of a dozen
actually yeah the purpose was to get
these to pop and we're picking all the
stuff up cause we need luck wherever
possible
if we don't have lucky pennies will not
be full so we'll know what they are
oh that's bad play well it doesn't
really matter I was gonna say like
egghead will occasionally cause us not
to take damage when we use IV bag but
it's not really worth being finicky with
I think it's a great time for blood bag
to show up dang I'm starting to come to
the conclusion it just might not work
like we're in just idiotic min/max
territory now but I think that maybe
considering the amount of self damage
we've taken it's just not conceivable
that you can get that you can get
wishbone to pop on IV bag damage it
seems like that does not work and we're
building a large sample size that would
seem to predict it so I'm about ready to
give up on this experiment unfortunately
three of the same pill and their luck
downs and then a1 makes you larger so
wasn't really what we were looking for
from being honest with you uh we don't
really want to take IV bag with us if it
doesn't work so with like the plan is
starting to unravel here the final step
of it is really I mean we could play the
fortune teller while there the slot
machine in the the three skull mathy a
little bit more but kind of starting to
approach the point in which I don't
think that that's necessarily a huge get
because the thing is we're working a lot
for a run that with full HP is probably
a win we're going to get you know we got
a lot of HP and we've got deals with a
devil guaranteed that's usually a smart
enough combo to get fairly easy wins you
know you just get damage from from those
guaranteed deals with devil in it solves
all your problems I guess I owe it one
more chance plus the odds of getting
blood bag are like high there we go
worst-case scenario we got a chance to
get luck upgrades but I think we got to
call it like like now since kitten
wishbone why will you pop whatever I
came up with what I thought was a great
strategy instead I look like a freaking
idiot but you know what that's science
baby we tried we got two blood bags out
of that there's nothing to sneeze that
there and now we can just you know that
was like our holiday before we start
freshman year at college or something we
got all the senioritis out time to get
back to work let's go
because everyone knows freshman year at
college is when you do a lot of work the
busiest of all college use dude Thank
You ed head take the polaroid in here
yeah let's go
I forgot actually that we have what do
we care about spirit hearts here I
forgot that we have chaos which means
that we're not going to necessarily love
our deals with the devil
I do love my vocal sample whenever I get
hit though it's an excel floor so a lot
of big rooms for not being an excel
floor
just one needs to die there we go
tough room
tough room difficult audience I am a
little I wouldn't say bummed like I feel
no emotion about the fact that this
didn't work out I'm happy we we saw a
plan and I still feel like the logic of
the plan is not necessarily flawed that
was the same pill unfortunately the
execution is not possible or not doable
and I think there's two conceivable
explanations that I can bring up for
when I get published by you know nature
in the scientific journal for why this
experiment didn't work the way we
expected the first one would be that
only one wishbone per run possibly is
able to be popped and it seems like that
sow things are working right now I'm
willing to give it a try for the
remainder of the run which is why I'm
not going to take the locus trinket
despite it being superior nice good good
damage but it's possible that maybe you
can only have one wishbone pop per run
it triggers a flag in the game and then
says all right whether intentionally or
you know erroneously they have created
an internal rule that prevents wishbone
from being popped more than once maybe
maybe not that's just one potential
hypothesis another one is that wishbone
fly if there's three wishbone gets a
lower chance to pop for each subsequent
one maybe so maybe we're dealing with
like a 1% chance every time we get hit
and then maybe it just refuses to pop on
self damage so for all the damage we've
taken much of it was self-inflicted
perhaps self-inflicted damage gives no
percent chance to have wishbone pop at
least self-inflicted damage from things
like IV bag and blood bag because we did
obviously damage that we've taken
ourselves did get wishbone to pop on
those fires on the second floor
so now that I've discussed that
analytical approach in the most boring
manner conceivable on youtube.com let's
proceed with our run to a heuristic
analysis of where we stand in the run is
is probably about average right now but
it stands a chance to get weirder than
average thanks to chaos like I don't
remember where we are from spun
perspective I have basically no concept
of what our items are like except for
the fact we have continuum and piercing
shots and eight inch nails like those
are the big ones and go ahead and of
course chaos which is the oh I forgot
that it makes a spread when it lands
chaos which is the the weird one keeping
things in a very strange position right
now it feels that we fight mr. Fred
almost never now so we're hoping for
something good here and I would say both
of them are worth taking
honestly sack of sacks and The MITRE and
I sort of feel like should use the nail
at least like this battery charges back
here that we can pick up and take
advantage of the d1 is good on the chest
though so let's roll with that we're
going to make it to the chest I mean
it's it's very conceivable that we'll
have a pretty easy time winning this
round as we coming closer into the end
here but as far as I'm concerned the
game owes us like maybe five items I'm
not saying they have to be greatest
items of all time but for all that we
sacrifice mostly you know my life force
by putting an extra 15 minutes into the
Necropolis - that didn't have to exist
they always a little bit will we get any
of that in return is possible it's
possible to tell me to eff off you know
one of the two conceivably is probably
the most likely of all possible outcomes
happy got these collars a good item and
we'll probably just at this point will
abstain from demon judgment because you
take it enough
read hard damaged for one lifetime I
think possibly a secret room a little
bit of a low percentage chance
guppies collar is really at this point
the gappi dream could happen anywhere
and that would be nice but I'm more
thinking about the possibility that will
die and require a respawn so I'm quite
content to pick that up honestly
especially considering that it costs us
effectively zero and trading our very
hard-earned keys for resources that
provide us with almost no value you know
what we could use like full stop not
that special but important the ability
to fly I'm feeling like fast but not
that wheel be like I'm unknowable to a
mild extent that feels like a secret
room and more money none of which is a
Lucky Penny sadly in a way I guess I'm
glad that it didn't make breaking the
game possible with this because it means
that if I ever get saddled with this
combination on it while saddled sounds
like a bad thing it actually is a good
combination but if I ever get this combo
on a daily I'm under like no obligation
to to try to make that ridiculously
roundabout like dupe item duplication
thing actually works so in a way it's
kind of you know short-term pain
long-term little less suffering I can't
even I'm looking for like something to a
double high well we get that we could if
we wanted to double keys
we don't have got these tails so it's
unlikely we'll ever need 21 keys but I
suppose it's better than you you know
doing nothing with our charge it really
feels like we're doing more than 7.5
damage like our tears if you would you'd
show me this without a stat screen I'd
be like oh dude you're doing like 12
damage easy and I guess our shots that
travel through mom actually are but
they're doing like 15 when they land it
could use a little more though so you
can get unlimited bombs I guess they're
I don't care about like bookworm just
work with me all right you know what we
out I'm worried that the catastrophic
loss of morale here is going to going to
cause me to lose focus and possibly even
lose the run it hasn't been a very
successful chaos if I'm being honest
chaos goat head has resulted in us not
really getting incredible items and I'm
kind of waiting on you know The MITRE
and sack of sacks to give us more value
as well but it has not happened as of
yet I mean you probably want to do that
room but I sort of like find out hard to
get excited about fighting a lot of
enemies for potentially minimal gain
this was extremely lucky by the way
finding the boss room this quickly
especially after choosing not to go to
one of these rooms is a bit of a
surprise double two of clubs but also
strikes me as a fairly who-cares sort of
moment you know who cares we have 82
bombs versus 99 functionally pretty much
exactly the same
tell you what throw this bomb down here
if nothing else it looks like we're
going to leave this floor having a good
track record out on the Cathedral never
took damage knock on wood
Isaac's like 95% dead and you know so is
my childlike wonder after my amazing
probably the smartest plan that's ever
existed in video game history failed I
mean I'm not bitter or anything it's
like you can do it you can design your
game ever you want to it's not like I'm
insulted or anything like that about the
outcome of things it's just so you know
not petty we should just first up if
it's a bad pill you got to take it which
was kind of stupid of me like
hematemesis in particular okay here's
what you do you hematemesis and then you
verb and you Hume it to me just again
that way you got more than enough HP and
then you pick up all but then we could
double the red hearts accidentally a
dummy that's what we wanted this is
super weird because I want to create as
many golden chests as possible so what I
actually need to happen is for you to
hurt me
and then I go back okay here's what we
do this is so stupid but it's sadly the
right play dude wishbone pops and it
gave us the mind the dream is real still
though okay and we didn't need to do
with that last time now we can open all
of them but one and wow what an
incredible selection so we did give
bookworm so be sure to picked up
Anarchist Cookbook on the last floor
swarm protector sure and then kidney
stone of course is a speed downgrade but
there's some cool stuff that results as
well I'm sure and then we can
every time we get a charge we can use it
to double these or copy the other chest
so we can always every time we get in
charge we get one item which is a nice
little value add considering our
position right now and what I mean by
that is basically that our luck stat is
pretty much zero so we wouldn't be
expecting too many items down here on
the chest to clubs again as like a
needless pickup but at the same time I'm
ready to move on from this run there's
been there's been positives and
negatives mystery gift gave us add bombs
there is a God
especially with weird continuum
mailshots that's like pretty solid I
think and we can do some damage when we
get the output from kidneys down here
technically I'm just look if you have a
kidney stone it lowers your speed after
your kidney stone is freed shouldn't
your speed go back to normal as long as
we're playing the absolute horse hockey
devil's advocate here I'm just throwing
it out there
once you free yourself from the trials
of the kidney stone you know you should
be good to have normal speed again or in
my writer in my realm you want to play
the realism argument well guess what
here we are that's when I start to get
embattled about the minutia and Isaac
that's probably time for us to to make
this our last Isaac runt of the day and
dude it's all wins as far as the eye can
see so I'm a happy camper we never
should take nine lives in that situation
it only stands right now to compromise
things but does not what I meant to do I
thought I was one room over well we're
going to do this room regardless so get
yourself set up
I'll be afraid to throw down
you know mad sad bombs here
where I'm ready to say goodbye to Isaac
today it's been like a nice honestly
like five or six hours of vibes of
recording pretty solid gets you ahead of
schedule for a few days you know what
that means is that tomorrow if I don't
want to play Isaac I don't have to and
maybe that's good for maintaining a
streak you know bulk recording sessions
I'm not going to go back and double
anymore if you want to give me items
game not up and and come down here and
give me some items via chess 0.6 luck
we've earned it it's a little dog
related panic outside of my apartment
door not inside of our apartment itself
don't never fear
all right let's do with easy wins damage
approaching double digits here sac
dagger will get the job done never fear
no void no void no void I'm a happy
camper and we can do this for like the
next hundred years so a very strange run
but hopefully you got some appreciation
out of me trying to finagle a little bit
of creativity but either way if you
enjoyed the episode click the like
button outside a great deal of course
subscribe you wanna see more in the
future I'm going to call it a productive
day of Isaac here with six wins in a row
thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time